Kim Lip & JinSoul: Hello
Kim Lip: We're
Kim Lip: We're Soul and...
Kim Lip: Oh, wait... I have to change the pose!
JinSoul: Soul!
Kim Lip: and Lip!
JinSoul: Yeah, we're the Geumbals
Kim Lip: Right!
(Geumbal means blonde hair in Korean)
Kim Lip: We're at the shooting site
Kim Lip: for our unit's next member Choerry!
Kim Lip: She's doing a photoshoot now, right?
JinSoul: Yeah!
Kim Lip: Shall we go together?
JinSoul: She looks fascinating
JinSoul: Suca a princess~
'Try making a charismatic facial expression'
(Cheorry's charismatic facial expression!)
'Is that your charismatic expression?'
Choerry: Yes!
Let me practice more!
First! A poker face!
It's done
Second. An awkward smile!
Oh, there is another expression that I'm comfident.
(It is so like Choerry, one of the youngest members of LOOΠΔ)